README.md, before:

`Important Machine Learning / Deep Learning / Image Processing learning resources.`

Table of Contents
=================

  * [Books](#books)
  * [Python](#python)
  * [OpenCV](#opencv)
  * [NumPy](#numpy)
  * [PyTorch](#pytorch)
  * [Papers](#papers)
  * [Course](#course)
  * [Maths](#maths)
  * [Visualization](#visualization)
  * [AI trending news/technolgies](#ai-trending-newstechnolgies)
  * [People to follow on twitter](#people-to-follow-on-twitter)

<br />

> ## Books

<table>
  <tr>
     <td>Deep Learning- Ian Goodfellow, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio</td>
     <td>Deep Learning with Python - François Chollet</td>
     <td>Grokking Deep Learning - Andrew W. Trask </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/deep_learning.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/francois_chollet.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/grokking.jpeg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Generative Deep Learning - David Foster</td>
     <td>Machine Learning Yearning - Andrew Ng</td>
     <td>Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow - Aurelien Geron </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/david_foster.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/yearnig.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/hands-on.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Deep Learning with PyTorch - Eli Stevens and Luca Antiga </td>
     <td>Machine Learning: a Probabilistic Perspective - Kevin Patrick Murphy</td>
     <td>The Hundred-Page Machine Learning Book - Andriy Burkov </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/pytorch.jpeg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/kevin_patrick.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/burkov.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Computer Vision: Algorithms and Applications - Richard Szeliski </td>
     <td>Digital Image Processing - Rafael C. Gonzalez and Richard E. Woods</td>
     <td>Programming Collective Intelligence: Building Smart Web 2.0 Applications - Toby Segaran</td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/computer_vision.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/digital_image_processing.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/collective_intelligence.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>


 </table>

<br />

> ## Python

- [[programiz] Python Built-in Functions](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in)

- [[Corey Schafer] Python Programming Beginner Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTskrapNbzXhwoFUiLCjGgY7)

- [[Corey Schafer] Python OOP Tutorials - Working with Classes](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTsqhIuOqKhwlXsIBIdSeYtc)
- [[Real Python] Intermediate and Advanced Features](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0VAXF3USi9U4JnpxUvQXHx)

<br />


> ## OpenCV
- [[pyimagesearch] How To Build a Kick-Ass Mobile Document Scanner in Just 5 Minutes](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2014/09/01/build-kick-ass-mobile-document-scanner-just-5-minutes/)

- [[pyimagesearch] Blur detection with OpenCV](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2015/09/07/blur-detection-with-opencv/)

- [[pyimagesearch] Measuring the size of objects in an image with OpenCV](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2016/03/28/measuring-size-of-objects-in-an-image-with-opencv/)

- [[py2py] Bokeh Effect in Image using Python](https://py2py.com/bokeh-effect-in-image-using-python/)

- [[pysource] face swapping](https://pysource.com/2019/04/04/face-swapping-opencv-with-python-part-1/)

- [[learnopencv] Augmented Reality using ArUco Markers in OpenCV (C++ / Python)](https://www.learnopencv.com/augmented-reality-using-aruco-markers-in-opencv-c-python/)

<br />

> ## NumPy

- [[Nicolas P. Rougie] From Python to Numpy](https://www.labri.fr/perso/nrougier/from-python-to-numpy/)

- [[stanford] Python Numpy Tutorial (with Jupyter and Colab)](https://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)

<br />


> ## PyTorch
- [[pytorch] Official Tutorial](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/)

- [[Sung Kim] PyTorchZeroToAll](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlMkM4tgfjnJ3I-dbhO9JTw7gNty6o_2m)

- [[deeplizard] Neural Network Programming - Deep Learning with PyTorch](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZbbT5o_s2xrfNyHZsM6ufI0iZENK9xgG)

- [[sentdex] Pytorch - Deep learning w/ Python](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDdeMyHEYc0gxFpYwHY2Qfdh)

- [[kaggle] Pytorch Tutorial for Deep Learning Lovers](https://www.kaggle.com/kanncaa1/pytorch-tutorial-for-deep-learning-lovers)

- [[SATYA MALLICK] Multi-Label Image Classification with PyTorch](https://www.learnopencv.com/multi-label-image-classification-with-pytorch/)

<br />

> ## Papers

- [[arxiv] YOLACT++: Better Real-time Instance Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.06218)

- [[arxiv] UNet++: Redesigning Skip Connections to Exploit Multiscale Features in Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.05074)

- [[read] Blurred Image Region Detection and Classification](https://fled.github.io/paper/blur.pdf)

- [[arxiv] Grad-CAM++: Improved Visual Explanations for Deep Convolutional Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.11063)

- [[arxiv] Deformable Convolutional Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06211)

<br />

> ## Course
- [MIT 6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtBw6njQRU-rwp5__7C0oIVt26ZgjG9NI)
- [Stanford CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
- [Coursera: Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning)

- [Udacity: Machine Learning](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud262)


<br />

> ## Maths
- [[3Blue1Brown] Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)

- [[udacity] Intro to statistics](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/st101)

<br />

> ## Visualization

- [t-SNE for Feature Visualization](https://www.learnopencv.com/t-sne-for-feature-visualization/)

<br />

> ## Natural language processing (NLP)

- [Visualizing memorization in RNNs](https://distill.pub/2019/memorization-in-rnns/)



<br />


> ## AI trending news/technolgies
- [Google AI Blog](https://ai.googleblog.com/)
- [ai.stanford.edu](https://ai.stanford.edu/)
- [deepmind blogs](https://deepmind.com/blog)
- [uber-ai-labs](https://eng.uber.com/tag/uber-ai-labs/)
- [microsoft-research-ai](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-ai/)
- [IBM ai](http://www.research.ibm.com/ai/#)
- [openai blogs](https://openai.com/blog/)
- [facebook AI research](https://research.fb.com/publications/)

- [Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research (BAIR)](https://bair.berkeley.edu/)
- [MIT Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Lab](https://www.csail.mit.edu/)
- [Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems](https://is.tuebingen.mpg.de/)
- [Oxford Robotics Institute (ORI)](https://ori.ox.ac.uk/)
- [arxiv AI recent papers](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.AI/recent)
- [arxiv sanity](http://www.arxiv-sanity.com/)
- [inFERENCe](https://www.inference.vc/)
- [offconvex](http://www.offconvex.org/)
- [NLP News](http://newsletter.ruder.io/)
- [MIT Technology review](https://www.technologyreview.com/)
- [DeepAI](https://deepai.org/)

<br />

> ## People to follow on twitter
- [Geoffrey Hinton | Father Of Deep Learning](https://twitter.com/geoffreyhinton)

- [François Chollet | Creator of Keras](https://twitter.com/fchollet)

- [Elon Musk | CEO @ Tesla, SpaceX](https://twitter.com/elonmusk)

- [Ian Goodfellow | Inventor of GANs](https://twitter.com/goodfellow_ian)

- [Andrew Ng | Co-Founder of Coursera, Former head of Baidu AI Group/Google Brain](https://twitter.com/AndrewYNg)

- [Soumith Chintala | Co-created and lead PyTorch](https://twitter.com/soumithchintala)

- [Grant Sanderson | Creator of 3blue1brown](https://twitter.com/3blue1brown)

- [Guido van Rossum | Creator of Python](https://twitter.com/gvanrossum)

- [Adrian Rosebrock | Author of PyImageSearch](https://twitter.com/PyImageSearch)

- [Lex Fridman | Researcher in machine learning, autonomous vehicles and human-centered AI](https://twitter.com/lexfridman)

- [Jess Hamrick | Research scientist @ Google’s DeepMind](https://twitter.com/jhamrick)

- [Kai-Fu Lee | Former president of Google China](https://twitter.com/kaifulee)

- [Jason Brownlee | curator of Machine Learning Mastery](https://twitter.com/TeachTheMachine)

- [Lisha Li | CEO @ Rosebud_AI](https://twitter.com/lishali88)

- [Andreas Mueller | Core Developer of scikit-learn](https://twitter.com/amuellerml)

- [Sebastian Raschka | Writer of a book on machine learning practices in Python](https://twitter.com/rasbt)

- [Tamara McCleary | CEO @ ThuliumCo](https://twitter.com/TamaraMcCleary)

- [Kirk Borne | Principal Data Scientist @ BoozAllen](https://twitter.com/KirkDBorne)

- [Abhishek Thakur | Chief Data Scientist @ boost.ai, First 4x GM on Kaggle](https://twitter.com/abhi1thakur)

- [Ronald van Loon | AI Influencer](https://twitter.com/Ronald_vanLoon)

- [Yann LeCun | Chief AI Scientist @ Facebook](https://twitter.com/ylecun)

- [Hilary Mason | Founder & CEO @ Fast Forward Labs](https://twitter.com/hmason)

<br />

---
Author: Sadman Kabir Soumik

Commit message:

best websites to learn ai

README.md, after:

`Important Machine Learning / Deep Learning / Image Processing learning resources.`

Table of Contents
=================

  * [Books](#books)
  * [Best Websites to Learn AI/ML](#best-websites-to-learn-aiml)
  * [Python](#python)
  * [OpenCV](#opencv)
  * [NumPy](#numpy)
  * [PyTorch](#pytorch)
  * [Papers](#papers)
  * [Course](#course)
  * [Maths](#maths)
  * [Visualization](#visualization)
  * [AI trending news/technolgies](#ai-trending-newstechnolgies)
  * [People to follow on twitter](#people-to-follow-on-twitter)

<br />

> ## Books

<table>
  <tr>
     <td>Deep Learning- Ian Goodfellow, Aaron Courville, Yoshua Bengio</td>
     <td>Deep Learning with Python - François Chollet</td>
     <td>Grokking Deep Learning - Andrew W. Trask </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/deep_learning.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/francois_chollet.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/grokking.jpeg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Generative Deep Learning - David Foster</td>
     <td>Machine Learning Yearning - Andrew Ng</td>
     <td>Hands-On Machine Learning with Scikit-Learn, Keras, and TensorFlow - Aurelien Geron </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/david_foster.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/yearnig.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/hands-on.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Deep Learning with PyTorch - Eli Stevens and Luca Antiga </td>
     <td>Machine Learning: a Probabilistic Perspective - Kevin Patrick Murphy</td>
     <td>The Hundred-Page Machine Learning Book - Andriy Burkov </td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/pytorch.jpeg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/kevin_patrick.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/burkov.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
     <td>Computer Vision: Algorithms and Applications - Richard Szeliski </td>
     <td>Digital Image Processing - Rafael C. Gonzalez and Richard E. Woods</td>
     <td>Programming Collective Intelligence: Building Smart Web 2.0 Applications - Toby Segaran</td>
  </tr>
  
  <tr>
    <td><img src="static/computer_vision.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/digital_image_processing.jpg" width=150></td>
    <td><img src="static/collective_intelligence.jpg" width=150></td>
  </tr>


 </table>

<br />

> ## Best Websites to Learn AI/ML

- [Towards Data Science](https://towardsdatascience.com/)
- [Analytics Vidhya](https://www.analyticsvidhya.com/)
- [pyimagesearch](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/)
- [The AI Learner](https://theailearner.com/)
- [fast.ai](https://www.fast.ai/)
- [Machine Learning Mastery](https://machinelearningmastery.com/)
- [KDnuggets](https://www.kdnuggets.com/)
- [anotherdatum](https://anotherdatum.com/)
- [AWS ML blogs](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/)
- [ML from scratch](https://mlfromscratch.com/)
- [Learn OpenCV](https://www.learnopencv.com/)
- [Elite data science](https://elitedatascience.com/)



<br/>

> ## Python

- [[programiz] Python Built-in Functions](https://www.programiz.com/python-programming/methods/built-in)

- [[Corey Schafer] Python Programming Beginner Tutorials](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTskrapNbzXhwoFUiLCjGgY7)

- [[Corey Schafer] Python OOP Tutorials - Working with Classes](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL-osiE80TeTsqhIuOqKhwlXsIBIdSeYtc)
- [[Real Python] Intermediate and Advanced Features](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLP8GkvaIxJP0VAXF3USi9U4JnpxUvQXHx)

- [[automatetheboringstuff] Automate the boring stuff with Python](http://automatetheboringstuff.com/)

<br />


> ## OpenCV
- [[pyimagesearch] How To Build a Kick-Ass Mobile Document Scanner in Just 5 Minutes](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2014/09/01/build-kick-ass-mobile-document-scanner-just-5-minutes/)

- [[pyimagesearch] Blur detection with OpenCV](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2015/09/07/blur-detection-with-opencv/)

- [[pyimagesearch] Measuring the size of objects in an image with OpenCV](https://www.pyimagesearch.com/2016/03/28/measuring-size-of-objects-in-an-image-with-opencv/)

- [[py2py] Bokeh Effect in Image using Python](https://py2py.com/bokeh-effect-in-image-using-python/)

- [[pysource] face swapping](https://pysource.com/2019/04/04/face-swapping-opencv-with-python-part-1/)

- [[learnopencv] Augmented Reality using ArUco Markers in OpenCV (C++ / Python)](https://www.learnopencv.com/augmented-reality-using-aruco-markers-in-opencv-c-python/)

<br />

> ## NumPy

- [[Nicolas P. Rougie] From Python to Numpy](https://www.labri.fr/perso/nrougier/from-python-to-numpy/)

- [[stanford] Python Numpy Tutorial (with Jupyter and Colab)](https://cs231n.github.io/python-numpy-tutorial/)

<br />


> ## PyTorch
- [[pytorch] Official Tutorial](https://pytorch.org/tutorials/)

- [[Sung Kim] PyTorchZeroToAll](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLlMkM4tgfjnJ3I-dbhO9JTw7gNty6o_2m)

- [[deeplizard] Neural Network Programming - Deep Learning with PyTorch](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZbbT5o_s2xrfNyHZsM6ufI0iZENK9xgG)

- [[sentdex] Pytorch - Deep learning w/ Python](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLQVvvaa0QuDdeMyHEYc0gxFpYwHY2Qfdh)

- [[kaggle] Pytorch Tutorial for Deep Learning Lovers](https://www.kaggle.com/kanncaa1/pytorch-tutorial-for-deep-learning-lovers)

- [[SATYA MALLICK] Multi-Label Image Classification with PyTorch](https://www.learnopencv.com/multi-label-image-classification-with-pytorch/)

<br />

> ## Papers

- [[arxiv] YOLACT++: Better Real-time Instance Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.06218)

- [[arxiv] UNet++: Redesigning Skip Connections to Exploit Multiscale Features in Image Segmentation](https://arxiv.org/abs/1912.05074)

- [[read] Blurred Image Region Detection and Classification](https://fled.github.io/paper/blur.pdf)

- [[arxiv] Grad-CAM++: Improved Visual Explanations for Deep Convolutional Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1710.11063)

- [[arxiv] Deformable Convolutional Networks](https://arxiv.org/abs/1703.06211)

<br />

> ## Course
- [MIT 6.S191: Introduction to Deep Learning](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLtBw6njQRU-rwp5__7C0oIVt26ZgjG9NI)
- [Stanford CS231n: Convolutional Neural Networks for Visual Recognition](http://cs231n.stanford.edu/)
- [Coursera: Deep Learning Specialization](https://www.coursera.org/specializations/deep-learning)

- [Udacity: Machine Learning](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/ud262)


<br />

> ## Maths
- [[3Blue1Brown] Essence of linear algebra](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLZHQObOWTQDPD3MizzM2xVFitgF8hE_ab)

- [[udacity] Intro to statistics](https://classroom.udacity.com/courses/st101)

<br />

> ## Visualization

- [t-SNE for Feature Visualization](https://www.learnopencv.com/t-sne-for-feature-visualization/)

<br />

> ## Natural language processing (NLP)

- [Visualizing memorization in RNNs](https://distill.pub/2019/memorization-in-rnns/)



<br />


> ## AI trending news/technolgies
- [Google AI Blog](https://ai.googleblog.com/)
- [ai.stanford.edu](https://ai.stanford.edu/)
- [deepmind blogs](https://deepmind.com/blog)
- [uber-ai-labs](https://eng.uber.com/tag/uber-ai-labs/)
- [microsoft-research-ai](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/research/lab/microsoft-research-ai/)
- [IBM ai](http://www.research.ibm.com/ai/#)
- [openai blogs](https://openai.com/blog/)
- [facebook AI research](https://research.fb.com/publications/)

- [Berkeley Artificial Intelligence Research (BAIR)](https://bair.berkeley.edu/)
- [MIT Computer Science & Artificial Intelligence Lab](https://www.csail.mit.edu/)
- [Max Planck Institute for Intelligent Systems](https://is.tuebingen.mpg.de/)
- [Oxford Robotics Institute (ORI)](https://ori.ox.ac.uk/)
- [arxiv AI recent papers](https://arxiv.org/list/cs.AI/recent)
- [arxiv sanity](http://www.arxiv-sanity.com/)
- [inFERENCe](https://www.inference.vc/)
- [offconvex](http://www.offconvex.org/)
- [NLP News](http://newsletter.ruder.io/)
- [MIT Technology review](https://www.technologyreview.com/)
- [DeepAI](https://deepai.org/)

<br />

> ## People to follow on twitter
- [Geoffrey Hinton | Father Of Deep Learning](https://twitter.com/geoffreyhinton)

- [François Chollet | Creator of Keras](https://twitter.com/fchollet)

- [Elon Musk | CEO @ Tesla, SpaceX](https://twitter.com/elonmusk)

- [Ian Goodfellow | Inventor of GANs](https://twitter.com/goodfellow_ian)

- [Andrew Ng | Co-Founder of Coursera, Former head of Baidu AI Group/Google Brain](https://twitter.com/AndrewYNg)

- [Soumith Chintala | Co-created and lead PyTorch](https://twitter.com/soumithchintala)

- [Grant Sanderson | Creator of 3blue1brown](https://twitter.com/3blue1brown)

- [Guido van Rossum | Creator of Python](https://twitter.com/gvanrossum)

- [Adrian Rosebrock | Author of PyImageSearch](https://twitter.com/PyImageSearch)

- [Lex Fridman | Researcher in machine learning, autonomous vehicles and human-centered AI](https://twitter.com/lexfridman)

- [Jess Hamrick | Research scientist @ Google’s DeepMind](https://twitter.com/jhamrick)

- [Kai-Fu Lee | Former president of Google China](https://twitter.com/kaifulee)

- [Jason Brownlee | curator of Machine Learning Mastery](https://twitter.com/TeachTheMachine)

- [Lisha Li | CEO @ Rosebud_AI](https://twitter.com/lishali88)

- [Andreas Mueller | Core Developer of scikit-learn](https://twitter.com/amuellerml)

- [Sebastian Raschka | Writer of a book on machine learning practices in Python](https://twitter.com/rasbt)

- [Tamara McCleary | CEO @ ThuliumCo](https://twitter.com/TamaraMcCleary)

- [Kirk Borne | Principal Data Scientist @ BoozAllen](https://twitter.com/KirkDBorne)

- [Abhishek Thakur | Chief Data Scientist @ boost.ai, First 4x GM on Kaggle](https://twitter.com/abhi1thakur)

- [Ronald van Loon | AI Influencer](https://twitter.com/Ronald_vanLoon)

- [Yann LeCun | Chief AI Scientist @ Facebook](https://twitter.com/ylecun)

- [Hilary Mason | Founder & CEO @ Fast Forward Labs](https://twitter.com/hmason)

<br />

---
Author: Sadman Kabir Soumik
